Divide and conquer - a strategy that divides a large problem into sub-problem, and solve for the sub-problem, respectivly.

Data structures - diffrent ways to catagorize data in memory.
Graph - a collection of nodes/vertices and edges.
  A Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minimum_spanning_tree
  Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAG) - a graph with one-way-edges(directed) and no cycles. Cycles meaning you could end up at a previous node in a given number of traversal.
Binary trees - a collecton of nodes without cycles.
----tree terminology
  root - the inital node of any tree.
  non-leaf/internal/non-terminal nodes - nodes with at least one child node.
  leaf/external/terminal node - a parent node missing children nodes, therefore, childless.
  depth/level - how many edges there are from root to this node.
  height - longest path to a leaf node from this node is this nodes height.
  subtree - a subset of the whole tree.
  forrest - a collection of disjoint trees (can contain one, or null, trees).
----tree types
  Binary search - a tree genarated from a sorted list with n elements, such that the root is ⌊n/2⌋ element, the children are the ⌊n/2^(depth+1)⌋
  Minheap - a tree were all the children have an equal or greater value then their parents.
  Maxheap - a tree were all the parents have an equal or greater value then their children.
  Heap deletion - removes root and swaps the empty slot with the highest right-most element. Then sorts the new tree
Algorithm - function that in a finite amount of steps goes from any state to an end state.
Traversals - diffrent ways to 'pass through' the data structure.
  Inorder - first visits the left node until there are none, then do the same for root and right nodes. (left, root, right)
  Pre-order - first visits the root node until there are none, then do the same for left and right nodes. (root, left, right)
  post-order - first visits the left node until there are none, then do the same for right and root nodes. (left, right, root)
  post order - when the postman get's an order.
Sorting algorithms - diffrent ways to sort information. depending on the language and the data itself, some sorting algorithms are more appropriate.
Time complexity - functions describing how much more compute power, thus, more time, follows proportionally to the amount of elements as the grow bigger.
Space complexity - the space needed for the algorithm to run.
  Ω(Omega notation) = the time it takes for the algorithm to run in the most optimal senario.
  Θ(Theta notation) = the median time between Ω(n) and O(n), occationally this is considered to be the average.
  O(big-O notation) = the time it takes for the algorithm to run in the most optimal senario.
